- [Instructor] Now that we have the user
and the order services both functioning correctly,
the last bit will be, to connect both of these services.
So you may think
that since both of these services are anyway residing
in the same project,
why not just call the order dow from the user dow?
Fair, but that's not what we want to do.
We want to make sure
that we use a gRPC call to connect both of these services.
As stated already before, we emulated a setup
where both of these services are running independently
on different ports.
And now we will connect them using a gRPC call.
So what are we going to do exactly?
The first thing is, we will write a gRPC Java client,
which is for the order service
so now we are going to write the order client class.
Once this is done, then we're going to use this client
in the user service implementation class.
Let's recollect that the UserServiceImpl class
already retrieves the user details.
So now when you invoke the order client
from the user service,
it'll also get us the order details.
So both the user and the order details will be fetched
in the UserServiceImpl class.
We could extract a part of that order data
and add it to our user response object.
And this is the final user response object
that'll get returned when the call is completed.
So once we've written the order client
and invoked it in the user service,
we will start both the user and the order servers,
then we will call the user service by the BloomRPC client,
which will internally call the order service
through the order client.
And when the call gets completed,
the user response will show the order data
along with the user details.
So let's go ahead and execute these remaining steps
to connect both the services.